Doc: review pages organization (#99)
dalibo/cnpg-plugin-pgbackrest: docs/docs/contribute.md

# Contribute

## Basic info on how a CNPG plugin works

Here are some basic informations about how this plugin should work:

- When installing the plugin, a new deployment is created to run a Pod
  for the controller (`pgbackrest-controller`) of our plugin in the same
  namespace as the CNPG operator.

- The CNPG operator detects the plugin when a dedicated Kubernetes
  Service (with some specific annotations) is created.

- Our specialized controller exposes the supported capabilities (at
  least those required to manage the
  [lifecycle](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cloudnative-pg/cnpg-i@v0.1.0/pkg/lifecycle)

>   of our CNPG instances) to the CNPG operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of our CloudNativePG `Cluster`) to the CloudNativePG operator.
```

> - When initializing a new Cluster configured with our plugin, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When initializing a new `Cluster` configured with our plugin, the
```
